watch the guys appear here from UV or
reveal so today I'm going to show you
what happened if I put some strong hit
on this samsung berry I don't know
what's going to happen I never do this
before
so um okay let's get start here so I
have a hammer and a screwdriver here so
uh do it alright safety is number one
priority
all right let's do it
huh so it is getting hot I can feel it
how about some more heat look at this
and shred it Farkas
okay look at this
yeah it's getting hot really hot around
and get more powerful hit
the air is too hot you guys not try this
okay all right guys that is pretty much
it don't forget to subscribe my channel
and like this video as well and I will
see you next time